What does it guys.
And welcome back.
So basically I if I wanted I can also show you that how can you go over the ocean double team and create
another website.
But I wanted to show you something new and something totally new so that we can edit that completely
and we can work to that.
OK.
You can see that we can also create this whole type of website with our elements are plug in and everything
but we will be editing this because this team gives the functionality.
So I wanted to show you something new OBE's basically OK what I want to do I want to go to the pages
right now and let's go ahead let's basically come here to the customer and get started customize our
website because we want to customize it.
OK.
First of all I want to change the name so we will be giving or say to our company and name and then
we will start with that.
So it's saying please wait.
This might take a while.
And we have this right here so we can add section we can add some stuff.
And this team also comes with a procession.
I would not recommend you to go with this Trojan.
Meanwhile you can go with the pro-woman off the elements are going to show you why you need the provision
of that.
And we will be moving on that later on.
OK so but don't buy the provision right now.
Well I will tell you you can buy that.
OK.
So let's go ahead and we need to go to
the general setting.
So let's go to the general settings and we need to go to the site identity and we want to change the
site tale's source sites hiatal is going to be.
We are creating a Web site for a company and that company name is
booga booga booga.
OK.
So this is the company I think this company is great.
So I want to add the tagline to my tagline is going to be the leading the leading
computers the leading hardware company.
OK so we're creating a website for a hardware hardware company.
OK.
The leading hardware company.
And there we go.
So this is now we're totally done with this.
We have set up our table we have set up our tagline line and we also have they set up a tech site.
I can't in water the site.
I can if you can see this this is the folder that is coming through this is called Basically the site
icon.
So let's go ahead and let's create a site icon for yourself.
I want to go to the photo shop right now and I want to create a site icon.
Also I want to create a logo so I'll be just doing this.
And just some minutes and I'll be back when I'm done with this.
So you can go read the file and you're going to go with Neal.
And we need to just go with the site I can't so first site I can many pixels to be five and two by five
and two pixel.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to come here and five and two by five one two.
OK.
There we go.
And this is a Web site icon we want to add something.
So for this I think I should be adding a text right now.
And that is going to be buu
So there we go.
Or we can go would just be OK for a short form because we want to show the icon site icon.
So OK I want to go ahead and want to increase the size of it so I'll just increase it.
OK.
I want to slug them and just hit Control shift all the control and I want to increase this so you can
see that this is increasing right now.
OK.
B.K. Mikail.
This is great.
Now I want to increase it a bit more.
I want to click this and you can see this is gone.
I want to change the color of this.
So this is going to be the black and this will be red
that will go.
One more thing I want to do I want to change this to be a little bit of fork
call.
I want to come here I want to decrease the size go here we go.
Now I want to just remove the background.
So I have to just click it and you can see that the backbone has been removed and we want to change
shape save this image is a b and g me.
So I want to come here I'm going to hit Control alt save and I want to go to the disto pray here.
And this should be saved as a b and g.
And I want to name it as
site icon that PND.
There we go.
I want to come here and I'm going to.
OK.
I want to come here right now and I want to come here and I get to select the image.
So like phials Let's go to the desktop.
And then when I go to the site icon.
So this is the one and this is being uploaded.
Here we go.
I want to select and we want to crop it as well.
So this is already here.
OK you can see this is now coming right here.
This has changed.
I want to do one thing I want to add a local RE here.
So our logo.
The first one is Dila light logo and the second one is the door close so that if we change this in this
we go down you can see that this is the head color which is being changed.
So you can go with Tulo OK.
I want to come here to for a Shoprite here and for the logo size.
Basically I think we should go control new control and and we want to change the logo size so.
So what we're saying is it's going to be five and two by now the 5:01 and two it should be one two years
old.
Let's see.
This is still over.
So I think this is being so much in Korea is or yes this is school.
OK.
I want to add something right here.
I want to add the blue color blue color.
OK.
Let's get at this.
Let's decrease the ponces
and I want to change this to read
the red one.
So this will be my logo one
OK.
Let's go look here let's click here and let's see that.
So this will be my logo one I want to see.
It s p n g
logo 1. P and G.
I don't want to create a little bow to his will in which this color would be red and this will be black.
OK so you can create basically logos like this.
I'm just showing you that how the logos works basically.
OK.
I want to come here to p Angie right here again.
And I want to select this to be logo to PMG
OK.
Let's come here to desk so pray here.
I want to go to select logo.
I want to go to upload files.
I want to select files and I want to go to the desktop.
So this is my local one.
Select I want to crop it
ok cool.
This has been cropped.
I want to hit crop image so it's going to come right here.
I hope I've chosen the right size.
OK.
And I want to go down and again see that this logo is being same but I want to change the color.
So when I go to the dark logo I want to select the logo I want to go to upload files that would come
here and here should be the logo too.
So you can see that when I change my scroll or it might this you can see this will be changed.
What's going on here.
You can go above right here.
It's just come to say let's go on here.
And this as well want cropping page.
So there we go.
Now you can see how this is going to change.
OK.
I'm going to go down and you can see this is first plaque and this is right.
And now I go down and this is red and this is what it said.
So you can pretty well change the stuff.
OK.
Then we have the local max height.
You can change the global max height as well you can change if you want to.
OK but I'm going to go with the default one that is 70
so now what we want to do we want to go back and we can pretty well change our self Vidar customization
colors as well.
OK we can we can go with Bactrim to mange and everything but I think we don't want to do it what we
want to do is that we have two options either to go with this team and edit all the stuff with this
team.
OK you can edit them completely
or hey what you have to do you have to just come here you have to just click here this and you can change
it so you can change it like blue collar.
OK.
And this is will be my the world's
leading Hi there.
Hardware Company
OK.
Then we have the action button one.
So it's going to be I can edit edited action but I'm one Debrett index would be about us or something
like that about us.
And it's going to link to any year and then we have the target to be saying tab and I mean head apply
changes.
OK I want to go to this right now and I want to get here and I want to get to here get a quote.
OK.
And then the link is going to be anything.
So I want to come here.
I am going to head to St.
Let's go ahead so you can open this up in a new job as well so then we have about us get a code.
OK.
Then we have responsive design.
You can change it.
OK.
You have to come here to Prowse icon and you can choose an icon that you want to Andray here.
And then you can come here and then you can apply changes so this is basically pretty very easy and
I don't think so if I should show you because you guys already know how he changed this you just have
to come here and this is a portfolio portfolio means the projects that you have done so you can come
here you can go to the Prowse image Purves icon and there we go.
You are totally done.
So this is how you can manage it completely.
I don't think so if I should show you you can also add a section if you want to D.S. are available in
pro-woman.
So I would not recommend you to go with this team prohibition.
OK.
Once you have.
Do you have to just come here and you have to hit publish.
OK.
We are totally done with our home page.
Let's just design our new page and that will be our About page OK so you can basically change this completely.
I don't think so if I should show you this.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit close and I want to go to the dashboard right here.
OK.
Let's go to the pages and all pages.
I want to add a new page and that will be about page OK.
And I want to come here to default template.
I want to come here and I want to hit publish.
Let's see our page right now.
How is it looking.
So this is how our page is looking.
We have her home about service to world deleting Harburg companies also got me so I can just choose
to change this front page template page with left sidebar page with the right side bar but I want trate
now.
I just want to go with the edited elements here.
OK.
It's going to take me to the elementary page and here I can edit it completely.
So you can see that you have to basically carry on with this head right now because you can you can
change that if you want to.
You can not edit this but if you want to edit this read it right here what you have to do.
You have just come here and then you have to hit customize.
OK.
And I think if this team gives you the ability to customize this header if you want the changed at her
head for a cure.
So
OK we have this hero.
OK we have her pages here right here.
You can change these hero if you want to.
You can change the color of type to be an image right here.
And this is going to be an image so you can see how this is looking.
OK.
I think this looks pretty well ok.
I think this looks good.
Well I'm going to go to back to his hero and the text should be show subtitle.
I don't think so if you need this.
About his fight.
I'm going to go to polish right now and you can see that this is probably still here.
So this is how you can manage pretty well any of the team.
And now here we want to add some stuff.
OK.
What we want to add is that we can first let's go ahead let's hit new page here and let's just hit this
again.
So that nothing changes.
You can see this is how I say this looking if you go down.
Our head is being changed.
Now what I want to do I want to add a new section and then we're going to edit that so I'm going to
hit and new section this is right here.
I want to come here.
I'm going to hit this.
And now here we can add it.
This whole team.
So in the next week I'll show you that how can you edit this whole team and how can you work with it.
Stadium guys and by.